DESCRIPTION

  XML::Simple - Easy API to read/write XML (esp config files)


PREREQUISITES

  XML::Simple requires a module capable of parsing XML - either XML::SAX or
  XML::Parser must be installed (if you're running ActivePerl, you'll
  already have XML::Parser installed).

  If you have installed XML::SAX, it will be used by default.  You should
  consider installing XML::SAX::Expat or XML::LibXML to replace the (slower)
  PurePerl parser from the XML::SAX distribution.

  To generate documents with namespaces, XML::NamespaceSupport is required.

  The optional caching features of XML::Simple also require Storable.pm.

  Note: These prerequisites cannot be resolved automatically by CPAN.pm
        since you must decide whether to use XML::Parser or XML::SAX.


WARNING MESSAGES FROM XML::SAX

  When you use XML::Simple, you may see this warning message:

    could not find ParserDetails.ini in C:/Perl/site/lib/XML/SAX

  This means your XML::SAX installation is broken (perhaps you installed
  version 0.10 from the ActiveState PPM repository).  Since it's broken 
  anyway, the simplest way to suppress these warnings is to remove
  C:/Perl/site/lib/XML/SAX.pm.

  The procedure for correctly installing the latest version of XML::SAX
  is documented here:

    http://perl-xml.sourceforge.net/faq/#win32_cpan

BUILDING/INSTALLING

  Once the archive is unpacked, use these commands:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make
      make test
      make install

  If for some reason, you can't run these commands, you can simple copy 
  the Simple.pm file to your lib/XML directory (where Parser.pm lives).

  If you want to test the module, but don't have 'make', try:

      perl maketest


STATUS

  This version (2.06) is the current stable release.

  Please send any feedback to the author: grantm@cpan.org


NEW IN THIS RELEASE
  - bug fix for strict mode requiring ForceArray on output

  New in Version 2.05
  - fixed warnings when NormaliseSpace undefined (reported by Peter
    Scott and others)
  - added support for specifying ForceArray using regular expressions
    (patch from Jim Cromie)
  - added check to escape_value to guard against undefined argument
    (reported by Henrik Gemal)
  - added NoIndent option (requested by Afroze Husain Zubairi)


  New in Version 2.04
  - new 'GroupTags' option (patch from Michel Rodriguez)
  - optionally collapse 'content' hashes to scalars after folding
    (also from Michel)
  - new variable substitution facility via 'Variables' and 'VarAttr'
    options (Michel again)
  - new 'NormaliseSpace' option (suggested by Alex Manoussakis)
  - option names are no longer case-sensitive and can include '_'
  - XMLin() and XMLout() aliased to xml_in() and xml_out()

  New in Version 2.03
  - fixed circular reference check which was incorrectly catching
    'parallel' references (patch from Theo Lengyel)

  New in Version 2.02:
  - changed Storable calls to use locking

  New in Version 2.01:
  - fixed bug whereby :strict mode required forcearray on XMLout()

  New in Version 2.00:
  - First production release with SAX support
  - Added support for 'strict mode' to catch common mistakes
  - Removed locking code (as it was incompatible with iThreads)
  - POD updates
  - Added (updated) FAQ document to distribution

  See 'Changes' for a detailed history.

  See 'perldoc XML::Simple' for full documentation.

  See 'perldoc XML::Simple::FAQ' for frequently asked questions.


COPYRIGHT

  Copyright 1999-2003 Grant McLean <grantm@cpan.org>

  This library is free software; you can redistribute it
  and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

